Psalm 95 oh come let us sing to the Lord
Psalm 95 oh come let us sing to the Lord let us shout joyfully to the rock of our
let us shout joyfully to the rock of our
let us shout joyfully to the rock of our salvation let us come before his
salvation let us come before his
salvation let us come before his presence with Thanksgiving let us shout
presence with Thanksgiving let us shout
presence with Thanksgiving let us shout joyfully to him with Psalms for the Lord
joyfully to him with Psalms for the Lord
joyfully to him with Psalms for the Lord is the great God and the great king
is the great God and the great king
is the great God and the great king above all gods in his hand are the deep
above all gods in his hand are the deep
above all gods in his hand are the deep places of the earth the heights of the
places of the earth the heights of the
places of the earth the heights of the hills are his also the sea is his for he
hills are his also the sea is his for he
hills are his also the sea is his for he made it and his hands formed the dry
made it and his hands formed the dry
made it and his hands formed the dry land oh come let us worship and bow down
land oh come let us worship and bow down
land oh come let us worship and bow down let us kneel before the Lord our maker
let us kneel before the Lord our maker
let us kneel before the Lord our maker for he is our God and we are the people
for he is our God and we are the people
for he is our God and we are the people of his pasture and the Sheep of his hand
of his pasture and the Sheep of his hand
of his pasture and the Sheep of his hand today if you will hear his voice do not
today if you will hear his voice do not
today if you will hear his voice do not harden your hearts as in the rebellion
harden your hearts as in the rebellion
harden your hearts as in the rebellion as in the day of trial in the wilderness
as in the day of trial in the wilderness
as in the day of trial in the wilderness when your fathers tested me they tried
when your fathers tested me they tried
when your fathers tested me they tried me though they saw my work for 40 years
me though they saw my work for 40 years
me though they saw my work for 40 years I was grieved with that generation and
I was grieved with that generation and
I was grieved with that generation and said eva's of people who go astray in
said eva's of people who go astray in
said eva's of people who go astray in their hearts and they do not know my
their hearts and they do not know my
their hearts and they do not know my ways
ways
ways so I swore in my wrath they shall not
so I swore in my wrath they shall not
so I swore in my wrath they shall not enter my rest